由于不同城市的城市构成（包括道路网的建设、居民的生活工作习惯等）大相径庭，所以为了得到一个较为普适的城市发展评分标准，显然需要对城市进行一个适当的模型简化。在这里我们采用的是将城市划分为一个一个的square unit，同时对每个square unit定义其区域类别和发展程度。
1933年的《雅典宪章》【加脚注或引用】提出城市应按居住、工作、游憩进行分区布置。在此基础上，我们将每个square unit的区域类别定义为如下五条之一：residential area、working area、recreation area、open space以及undeveloped。需要说明的是，working area主要包括了平时为居民提供生活服务的各类设施，如写字楼、加油站等；recreation则主要包括了可以为居民提供精神上的享受的设施，例如餐馆、图书馆、公园等；open space主要指的是开阔的自然景观（包括farmland），而undeveloped指的是可以在该区域进行开发改建。
Since different cities' compositions in detail (including transportation network, residents working habits) are quite different, in order to obtain a relatively universal metric standard for city development, we need to simplify actual cities into models properly. In this paper, our method is to divide the city into multiple (2000~3000) square units and define their types and development levels.
In *Athens Charter, 1993* [footnote], it argues that city should be arranged according to its residencial, working and recreational function. Based on that, we define each square unit's type as one of the followings : residential area, working area, recreation area, open space and undeveloped area. Just to be clear, in our definition, working area contains all service facilities for residents' daily life, such as office buildings and gas stations. Recreation area contains facilities that provide mentally enjoyment for residents, such as restrauts, libraries and parks. Open space refers to open landscapes, including farmlands. Undeveloped area refers to areas that can be developed in the future.
根据对smart growth principles的分条解读【脚注http://smartgrowth.org/smart-growth-principles/】，我们将十条principle合并为如下的四条准则：
According to our interpretation on the ten smart growth principles [footnote], we merge 10 principles into 4 judging standards.
1）分区多样化
1) Mix Land Use
这条准则包含了smart growth principles的第1，4，5条（我们用Pr.1, Pr.4, Pr.5表示第1，4，5条principle；后面将利用类似的记号）。主要原因是分区多样化方便了居民的出行，在土地混合多样使用的同时也能够提升社区本身的文化魅力。
This standard contains the 1st, 4th and 5th smart growth principles (We denote them as Pr.1, Pr.2 and Pr.5, and we will use similar denotations in the following passage). The reason for using it is that 'mix land use' facilitate residents' travelling and working, and improve communities' cultural attractions at the same time.
2）景观规划
Open Space and Landscape
这条准则包含了Pr.2与Pr.6。根据smartgrowth.org上的解读，compact building design的重要目的之一是给居民提供宽阔的open space以提升舒适度，而第六条对于自然环境的保护事实上也与城市的自然景观密不可分。
This standard contains Pr.2 and Pr.6. According to our interpretation, one of compact building design's most important goal is to provide residents with large open space to imporve their feeling of comfort. Natural protection in Pr.6 also has a tight connection with a city's open space and natural landscape.
3）住房选择
Housing Choice
这条准则指的是Pr.3。我们需要为不同工资收入的人群提供与收入相符的住房选择的权利，这要求了working area附近有与之发展程度相近的residential area。
This is standard refers to Pr.3. We need to provide different people with houses accordant with their income, which means there should be residential areas around each working area with a close development.
4）交通便利
Transportation Convenience
这条准则指的是Pr.8。给市民多样的交通选择权利，这势必包含了公共交通的发达程度。出于量化考虑的角度，我们主要考虑公共交通的便利程度。
This standard refers to Pr.8. To provide residents with more transportation choices, we must improve public transportation system. To measure transportation convenience, we mainly consider public transportation and its convenience.
对于Pr.7,Pr.9与Pr.10，由于它们的描述并不利于量化，我们将在之后制定growth plan中再对它们进行考虑，而不在metric的选择中对它们进行单独的考量。
As for Pr.7, Pr.9 and Pr.10. Since they are not easy to be quantified, we shall consider them when we make growth plans for cities, rather than set them as different metric.
